Check broken links (#4)
christinerose/ocaml.org: data/tutorials/rs_00_guidelines.md

###  How to Compile
The `make` utility is indispensable for managing the compilation and
recompilation of programs. Sample `make` files can be found on [The

> Hump](https://caml.inria.fr//cgi-bin/hump.en.cgi - [404 Not Found]). You can also consult

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hump](https://ocaml.org/docs/guidelines). You can also consult
```
